HW3 assignement2

In eval.cpp
	I use the getline funciton to read a line and
use stringstream to put the content to the strin-
gstream and input to a string named temp.then pu-
sh the temp into the str stack data type.Use the 
evaluate algorithm to evalute the number of the 
expression.
	At the first,I just push the number string i-
nto num stack.When the program meet a token,it w-
ill use the expression,token is the same as it is
met to calculate the top 2 number in string than 
push back to the num stack.Then repeat the step
above util the str stack is empty. 

In prefix.cpp
	I use the identical method to read a line and
input to the str stack.
	At the first,I declare three stack to store 
the data.Str stack for the input data ranged rev-
ersedly.Token stack for the token string. And Ans
stack for the result be ready to output.
	Every time,I just check the str.top() content
to choose which statment been runned.The rule as
follow. 
	When the content in the str.top() is a number 
string.I will push it into the ans stack directly.
	When it is a right parathesis,I will push it 
into token stack directly.
	When it is a left parathesis,I will pop the 
token stack util rparathesis been poped.And,pop 
the lparathesis afterward.
	When it is a token and the precedence is not
higher than the token.top(),I push it into token
stack.Otherwise,I will push the token into ans 
stack util the precedence in the token stack is 
lower than the token in str.top().
